[docs] Update ‘using-firebase’ guide with Analytics section (#7145)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/guides/using-firebase.md

})
```

This sample was borrowed from [this forum post](https://forums.expo.io/t/open-when-an-expo-firebase-firestore-platform/4126/29).

## Recording events with Analytics

In order to record analytics events, the Expo Firebase Core and Analytics packages needs to be installed.

`expo install expo-firebase-core expo-firebase-analytics`

> It uses the native Firebase SDK when possible and a JavaScript based implementation on the standard Expo client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package uses the native Firebase SDK in standalone apps and bare apps and a JavaScript based implementation on the standard Expo client.
```

To configure native Firebase, please follow the configuration instructions for the [expo-firebase-analytics](../../sdk/firebase-analytics) package.

```javascript
import * as Analytics from 'expo-firebase-analytics';

Analytics.logEvent('hero_spotted', {

>   hero_name: 'Saitama'

Reviewer: @FiberJW

Reviewer 2: ![](https://media2.giphy.com/media/ckO5BmThci6ET09PEk/giphy.gif)
